{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf350
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Optima-Regular;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\vieww14240\viewh13540\viewkind0
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs36 \cf0 AquaTerm
\b\fs24 \
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2833\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 your friendly plotting front-end\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 \
Table of contents\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 1	What is AquaTerm?\
2	Who would use AquaTerm?\
3	What gets installed where?\
4	Is AquaTerm and clients aware of the environment?\
5	How can I find out more?\
6	How can I help in improving AquaTerm?\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 \
\pard\tx285\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural
\cf0 1	What is AquaTerm?\
\pard\tx285\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 It is a small application that acts as an output device for other programs (command line applications, CLI) that need to render vector and bitmap graphics in windows.  In order for that to work, the CLI need to be compiled with support for AquaTerm.\
\
Currently Gnuplot 4.x and programs based on PGPLOT and PLplot are or can be made AquaTerm aware.\
\
\pard\tx285\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 2	Who would use AquaTerm?
\b0 \
First and foremost, AquaTerm is of no or very little use by itself\'85 you need another application to provide input data.\
\
The target audience is a user of plotting applications such as Gnuplot (directly or indirectly) or homebrew command line tools who would like a native Mac OS X display option with PDF and EPS export functionality\
\
A developer who would like to provide graphics output on OS X for their application. Both a procedural API and an object oriented API is available. Scripting languages can use AquaTerm through bridgesupport.\
\

\b 3	What gets installed where?
\b0 \
The installer will install the application AquaTerm in /Applications.\
It will place AquaTerm.framework in /Library/Frameworks. \
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx285\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 4	Is AquaTerm and clients aware of the environment?\
\pard\tx285\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 Certainly. The following environment variables may be of interest:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
General:\
\pard\tx285\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 	
\b0 AQUATERM_LOGLEVEL \'97 set in the range 0-4 to have increasing levels of logging to stdout, zero means no logging.\

\b 	
\b0 AQUATERM_PATH \'97 set this to have a specific copy of AquaTerm.app e.g. /Users/you/source/build/AquaTerm.app launched automatically from clients.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
Clients:\
\pard\tx285\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 	
\b0 GNUTERM \'97 set this to "aqua" to make AquaTerm the default terminal in Gnuplot
\f1\fs20 \super \'86
\f0\fs24 \nosupersub \

\b 	
\b0 PGPLOT_DEV \'97 set this to "/AQT" to make AquaTerm default output in PGPLOT\
    \
    
\f1\fs20 \super \'86
\f0 \nosupersub Aquaterm is already the default terminal in Gnuplot as of version 4.1, if it was built with aquaterm support.
\fs24       \
\

\b 5	How can I find out more?
\b0 \
Use the mailing lists and/or trackers at the project website: http://aquaterm.sourceforge.net\
\

\b 6	How can I help in improving AquaTerm?\
\pard\tx285\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 In many ways! Write code (core or adapters), write documentation, improve the website, test and report bugs, write supporting notes in email or sponsor the project with cash. \
}